So when it comes to Workflow Security,
there are,
a couple of topics
or potential problems you should be aware of,
and that's why at the end of this section,
you'll also find a lecture
with further reading materials
and links to the official docs,
and some blog posts,
where you can dive deeper into Security
and explore various key aspects you should be aware of.
But in this course section,
we're of course also going to dive
into some key Security aspects
or things to be aware of.
And we are, for example
going to explore the potential problem of Script Injection.
We're also going to explore the topic
of Malicious: Third-Party Actions,
and how you can use Actions in a secure way.
And we're going to explore Permissions
and issues related to Permissions.
Now, what are these things about though?
Well, Script Injection is about some value being injected
in your Workflow,
and being used in your Workflow,
from the outside.
For example, if you had a Workflow that runs whenever
a new issue is created,
and you would be using the title
of that issue in your Workflow,
then someone could create an issue
with a title that injects some code
into your Workflow,
that might break your Workflow
or do something bad.
And we're going to take a look
at a concrete example in the next lecture.
Now, another problem
or aspect to be aware of
are potentially Malicious Third-party Actions.
In this course, you of course saw many examples
where we added Actions to Workflows
to, for example, checkout code or upload artifacts.
And of course, we also built our own Actions.
Now, Actions as you learned
can perform any kind of logic
and therefore, of course they could
also contain code that steals your secrets
or does anything else that,
well, harms you or your code base.
And therefore, of course,
you should try to only use trusted Actions
or inspect the code of unknown, untrusted authors.
But I'll also get back to this topic a little bit later,
in this section.
And, last but not least, in this section,
as mentioned, we're also going to explore Permissions
and how you can manage Permissions
for your Workflows
because you should consider avoiding overly
permissive permissions so that
if some script is injected
or if something bad would be happening, you can maybe
still prevent it,
by having the right permissions assigned
to your Workflow.
For example, if you have a Workflow that
only checks out some code and runs some tests,
you probably only need read-only permissions
to read the code,
and no Permissions to added issues,
or anything like that.
And, GitHub Actions supports fine-grained permissions
and we'll take a look at
how you can control permissions later
in this section as well.
Again, these are just some aspects to be aware of.
As mentioned before, towards the end of this course section
you'll find a lecture with links
for further reading where you can dive
into other potential Security problems
and more official Security recommendations.